Multiple fixes (#47)
giantswarm/app-build-suite: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - fix: loading the config file from the root of current working dir
> - change: `step_unit` name was misleading, renamed now to `step_validate`
> - note: you can safely add `chart-dir` option to the config file, if the file is placed in work dir root
> 

Reviewer: This seems like a breaking change. Next version should be `0.2.0` IMO

```suggestion
### Changes

- Breaking: `step_unit` name was misleading, renamed now to `step_validate`
- fix: loading the config file from the root of current working dir. Note: you can safely add `chart-dir` option to the config file, if the file is placed in work dir root
```
